<h3>Anycubic Acrylic Printer build</h3>

The Anycubic Prusa I3 is one of the many in market Prusa I3 clones having an Acrylic frame.
It is available for a more or less reasonable price from 300-350 Euro, mostly at Amazon and as
FBA, so no worries about taxes and having the Amazon retail conditions. Other similiar clones
like Geetech or Anet are available for 230 Euro or even less, but in general not as FBA. 

Anycubic does not run any support pages, the customer service is available by email or phone in
english. The provided service is quite good once the contact is established, resending defect or
wrong shipped parts is no problem, it only takes a couple of days. 

The printer kit contains the printer, a 1kg PLA filament spool, a SD-card with some files for the 
printer, some tools that are needed to build the printer from kit and a printed build instruction
manual.

Assembling the printer does not differ much from other printers of the same kind, the build runs 
straight like shown in the manual. The setup itself is kept quite short, though with manual and 
the completed printer it is possible to start printing the first - simple - things.

The printers firmware as shipped is a 1.0 Marlin with an added "Recover from outage" function for
SD card prints. It may or may not be useful in some cases. To activate it for a specific print a G5 
command has to be added to startup gcode. Should not be overused to prevent eeprom wearoff.

The printers mechanic components are quite ok, the end switches are a bit on the quality edge, but 
all in all - depending a bit on the build - the printer works quite well, at least for printing PLA
and TPU.

At faster speeds - 40mm/s up - the printer tends to vibrate and resonate, so additional accessoires
like dampers and stabilisators might be necessary for running it at higher speeds. The printed parts -
part cooling fan nozzle, X axis carrier - are not that durable, the STLs for these parts can be 
requested from the Anycubic service. Since the copyright for them is not clear, they cannot be published
here.





