The Control menu allows to tune some printer settings. For the Anycubic Prusa I3 most settings 
match common operation quite well. Modifying settings here should be done with care, the Control
menu allows to store and retrieve settings as well as revert to factory settings. Stored settings
will load on printer start. 

The Motion menu has two settings that might need attention. The first is the XY Acceleration. It is 
set to 3000mm/s^2 by factory. Decreasing it to 1500 or even less can help to reduce the wavy 
surface / perimeter artifacts that easily happen on the perimeter.

The Max XY acceleration should be reduced to 3000mm/s^2 also, since some print programs tend to read
this value to calculate the feedrate.

Another value to tune is the XY jerk. Weird name, this parameter means the number of speed change
that is done in a "jump", without using acceleration. It is set to 10 by factory. Increasing it to
20 helps in printing top or bottom layers if there is a tiny blob at the point where the printer 
changes direction, decreasing it below 10 can help to improve quality of circular structures.

In print program (slicer) the speed for different types of structures can be set. Usually if running
the slicer in simple mode only the max speed for infill is set, other speeds are decuded by some kind
of ratio from this speed. Better is to use the advanced mode and set the speeds for each structure 
individually. Some print software like Cura needs absolute values here for each speed, others like
Mattercontrol allow to use percent values which is very much more comfortable. 

In general each material has a speed window in which it works quite well. For example, common PLA prints
with 20-60mm/s, for TPU 10-30mm/s is a common window. Print speed also depends on layer height, nozzle
size, type, heater, printed structure, retraction needs and enviromental conditions. This is a complex 
set of parameters, so there is no easy answer to the "best setting" question. 

For my Ancyubic I3 build it works quite well to print most models with 40-50 mm/s, 60mm/s infill, bridges,
outside perimeter and first layer with 20mm/s when using PLA. For some models it is better to increase 
speeds a little, in rare cases it needs to be decrased. Mattercontrol provides a nice "in flight" speed 
adjustment in its Control window that allows to tune the allover speed depending on the model, as large
models benefit from higher print speeds. Dont forget to increase nozzle temp as well. 

The layer view in most slices shows the print speed as colors, so it is a good way to preview if the speed
conditions for the model match. Even if print speeds below 20mm/s all in all do work, printing below 10mm/s
in general leads to lamination problems. Sometimes it helps to increase temperature for some degree, but in 
most cases such a print does not come out well. 
