With aluminium hotbed and an inductive probe it is possible to add Autolevel capabilities to the printer. 

The inductive Probe - LJ12A3-Z/BX as sold by Anycubic (BY should do as well) in reality on aluminium has
a detection range of like 2mm. So even if it is possible to run it with a glass covered hotbed using some
aluminium foil applied to the probing spots, this limits leveling to 3 or 4 spots at the cost of some build
space. For a tape covered aluminium build plate this probe works well, should also do with Buildtak or similiar.

A sample probe holder that mounts to lefthand position on the X carriage is provided in STL directory. The 
straight version is a bit tight with the X endstop connector, the angled version works well with that, but the
holders screw notch still is in the wrong side for that. Well.

http://www.instructables.com/id/Enable-Auto-Leveling-for-your-3D-Printer-Marlin-Fi/ provides a nice guide how
to install and wire the probe and configure the Autolevel-feature in Firmware.

I wired the probe a little different as shown in the instructable. The probe triggers a tiny Reed Relais that
is connected parallel to the mechanical Z enstop. So in case the probe fails,  the mechanical endstop still is
in place to prevent the nozzle from crashing into the bed.  It is adjusted to trigger a tiny bit lower than the
inductive probe. 

Anyway, there is a big caveat with the Marlin 1.0 Firmware provided with the printer: AutoLevel simply does not
work. After G29 XY positioning runs to a random offset per move, resulting in funny spirals instead of a circle. 
After another G28XY positioning works expected, but ... Autolevel grid is gone. 

Marlin 1.1.0 RC8 introduced a lot updates regarding autolevel and lot else stuff. It is a bit uneasy to set up
because some configuration settings have changed in order, name and comments. Sample config files from my setup are
provided as templates in the firmware section, be sure to double check with the old Anycubic template. 
If there are constexpr compile errors, change constexpr to const in Marlin_main.cpp.

Be sure to check settings, orientations etc. very careful after uploading the new release to the printer by using the
Arduino serial console. With SAFE_Z_HOMING enabled, the 1.1.0RC8 seems to run well with the Anycubic. 

To set up the probe, the first task is to adjust it in height to enable a safe 0 pos detection. Next ist the Z probe offset, 
its invert is added to the point the bed is detected, so if the probe fires and the nozzle is 0.6 over bedlevel the offset 
is -0.6. Reupload the firmware with new setting then. The bed should be as in level as possible, once the offset for the bed
middle is set properly, the corners can be adjusted - easy with the paper probe - manually with the level screws. This worked 
for me quite well with serial console and manual g commands. 

Now G29 can be run and should get the points with only a little offset. Z_PROBE_END_SCRIPT should contain something like
"G1 Z10 F200\nG0 X30 Y30 F6000" to run the printhead into a safe position after G29. This in main is it, for me the first
test print with 0.2 worked quite as expected. 

If there is a choice, I would not recommend using an inductive probe at all. The safe detection range for aluminium is 
very low, and the Hotbed on/off changes the inductivity of the bed resulting in varying detection ranges. Also it varies
with environment temperature. Though, capacitive probes are a bit fat and servo with mechanical switch also makes a bulky 
accessoire. 















